hey what's going on guys got a bunch
more training clips here for you just
wanted to keep you up to date on my
progress and everything in the gym
everything's been feeling really good
I'm sure you guys remember that torn
labrum injury that I had and after a few
weeks of doing physical therapy which
I've still been doing it's been about
eight weeks since the actual injury
itself maybe even longer now but I've
been doing physical therapy really
working on my rotator cuff and all those
stabilizer muscles and my bench has
actually gotten stronger than it was
before right here is my first workout on
new program that I got from my coach
Greg Ferris with my oh brain I really
recommend you guys check him out my lips
have been shooting up his programming is
so good and like just things that I
would never think of doing myself it's a
dup program so every day like my lips
are the rep ranges are completely
different so it really helps training in
different rep ranges at least I found
for myself and it just has really helped
add way to my like 1 2 & 3 rep max lifts
so this is the first week of this
program it's called blue eyes that he
came up with himself so I recommend you
guys check that out check out his
website I'll put a link to his website
and everything and is a YouTube channel
in the description box of the video but
uh the first few workouts of this blue
eyes program where three rep max is I
don't wanna get too much into how he
breaks down the program since it's
technically his intellectual property
and I don't want to give away that
information but like I said check him
out sudden some emails talk to him and
see if you guys want to start working
with him I really recommend that his
pricing really isn't that bad at all
he's a graduate student so he's really
up to date with the new scientific
literature and everything and really
trying to keep everything as simple as
possible but make it efficient so you
can make some pretty good games in the
gym
so everything's been feeling good this
is 495 for triple here for deadlifts is
my first time working with five plates
on each side since before prep so really
happy with that my form probably could
have been better is a little heavy on my
back and everything but been doing a lot
of accessories to help my back and
everything stay straighter during those
a heavier deadlifts here is a
touch-and-go bench today this was 275
for 5 reps like I said my bench has
really been shooting up between finally
eating more and doing the physical
therapy on my shoulder it's really just
helped my bench so much it's crazy my
bench is stronger now than it was before
I hurt myself which sounds pretty weird
but all that physical therapy has really
been helping I do a lot of other
accessories on these days most of my
training is pretty much full body every
day five days a week some days are more
specific to like lower body or upper
body but most a few probably two or
three of the days a week or full body
workouts which I've really been enjoying
and I just take a day off or two
whenever I feel like it as long as I get
in those five days throughout the week
this was another squat day this was the
last squat day of week one for me on
this program and pretty happy with my
form my hips and everything come up a
little bit in the beginning of the lift
my elbows shoot up but besides that
everything's really comfortable hit 365
here for a set of five pretty slow rep
but grinded that out and I was really
happy with that and hoping to progress
on that in the upcoming weeks here was
one of my back offsets typically what I
do is I'll hit the prescribed rep range
for that day at a top set and then I'll
drop the weight down anywhere from
usually about five ten percent and then
hit some back offsets this actually
wasn't a backup set this was a pause
squat I was doing two sets of two reps I
hit 325 for that I feel like that's
really helped my squat lately trying to
be a little more explosive out of the
hole and been liking doing those just
a different way to train the muscles to
contribute to progressing in my squat
here was dead lifts this was a third
work out of week two the first two
workouts I didn't bring my camera that
was a bench and squat workout but the
volume on those days was insane was a
bunch of sets of four and then if the
volume was crazy was a bunch of sets of
four top set a few back offsets and then
to amrap sets at I think ten percent
less than the weight that I was working
with so this week two of blue eyes is
probably the highest volume week of
training I've ever done in my entire
life but definitely helps when it comes
to making progress especially when
you're hitting only about two or three
rep Max's the following week so the
volume decreases a lot and this like I
said was the third workout of the week
deadlifts I hit 475 for five reps form
probably could have been a little bit
better but overall I was pretty happy
with it here was one of the back offsets
I sped it up just because it was a
little bit slow and this was 450 so that
was about a five percent drop in weight
and hit that again for another five reps
and I did two sets of those
here's my last workout last training
session of I think this is my last
training session of week two and this
was a 8 rep max for touch-and-go bench I
do a lot of pausing a lot of benching
pause but now i've also been doing a lot
of touch-and-go work also and this is
264 8 which i was really happy with
brinded out some of those last few reps
I think my mom actually walked over to
maybe grab the bar for me if I needed
some help but was happy that I was able
to grind those last few reps out the
last workout of week 2 was actually
actually a SWAT workout was a going for
an 8 rep max and i ended up hitting 350
for a trap so i was really happy about
that i don't get a chance to record so
hope you guys enjoyed the video don't
forget to like and comment i'm sorry
that Frank and I haven't been getting
too much good footage up lately we've
both been really busy but like I said
hope you guys enjoy the video should
have some another video up within the
next week and that'll be some heavy to
rep max's on squat bench and deadlift so
i'll see you guys in the next video